content/relevance.md, before:

## Relevance
{:#relevance}

Computer-based route planning
is nowadays used by millions of people
to obtain [journey directions](cite:cites delling2019).
Many public transport providers in cities around the world
offer route planning services on top of their network
to keep their users better informed.
Public authorities also recognize route planning
as a mechanism to improve the mobility conditions of their cities and regions,
by enabling citizens and visitors to move around [more efficiently](cite:cites rode2015, berry2018).
See for example the cases of Portland[^portland], London[^london] or Antwerp[^antwerp].
In recent years, multi-modal route planning has received special [attention](cite:cites aifadopoulou2007, delling2013, dibbelt2015, kelly2011, rehrl2007, kujala2018).
Applications like Google Maps, City Mapper, Moovit and many others of the sort,
allow users to plan their journeys using multiple transport modes,
e.g. bus, metro, bicycle, walking, among others.
They work towards incorporating mobility related data
about the different transport modes into their applications
to offer more diverse route alternatives.

On the other hand, millions of datasets are [published on the Web](cite:cites noy2019).
Following Open Data and Smart City city initiatives,
national and regional governments, private companies and others,
publish heterogeneous data from multiple domains.
Potentially, many of these datasets contain information
relevant for route planning purposes,
e.g. parking locations and availabilities or street occupancy;
which opens the door for creating richer applications
capable of addressing more diverse or specific needs.
A very typical example for route planning
is the consideration of accessibility constraints.
Enabling users to specify for example,
if they are on a [wheelchair](cite:cites ding2014)
or even if they are visually [impaired](cite:cites dornhofer2014)
are features that are starting to be included ir route planners.
However, accessibility is not the only possible scenario
for extending route planners.
The Web provides virtually unlimited possibilities.
Environmental data (_calculate a route that avoids biking through highly polluted areas_),
meteorological data (_calculate a route that limits walking outside on extreme weather conditions_),
security-related data (_calculate a route that avoid areas with high criminality indexes_)
or even general knowledge bases like Wikidata (_calculate a route that pass by the historic monuments of a city_) could be used to create any type of route planners.


[^portland]: <a href="https://trimet.org/#/planner">https://trimet.org/#/planner</a>
[^london]: <a href="https://tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/">https://tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/</a>
[^antwerp]: <a href="https://www.slimnaarantwerpen.be/en/home">https://www.slimnaarantwerpen.be/en/home</a>

Commit message:

Some changes to relevance section.

content/relevance.md, after:

## Relevance
{:#relevance}

Computer-based route planning
is nowadays used by millions of people
to obtain [journey directions](cite:cites delling2019).
Public transport providers around the world
offer route planning services to keep their users better informed.
Public authorities also recognize route planning
as a mechanism to improve the mobility conditions of their cities and regions,
by enabling citizens and visitors to move around [more efficiently](cite:cites rode2015, berry2018),
as it occurs in the case of Portland[^portland], London[^london], Antwerp[^antwerp], among others.
In recent years, multi-modal route planning has received special [attention](cite:cites aifadopoulou2007, delling2013, dibbelt2015, kelly2011, rehrl2007, kujala2018).
Applications like Google Maps, City Mapper or Moovit <a style="color: #f3034d">[Add footnotes here]</a>,
allow users to plan their journeys using multiple transport modes,
e.g. bus, metro, bicycle or walking.
They focus on incorporating mobility related data
about different transport modes into their applications
to offer more diverse route alternatives.

On the other hand, millions of datasets are [published on the Web](cite:cites noy2019).
Following Open Data and Smart City initiatives,
national and regional governments, private companies and others,
publish heterogeneous data from multiple domains.
Many of these datasets contain information
relevant for route planning purposes,
e.g. parking locations and availabilities or street occupancy;
which opens the door for creating richer applications
capable of addressing more diverse or specific needs.
Considering accessibility constraints
is a very typical scenario for route planning.
Enabling users to specify for example,
if they are on a [wheelchair](cite:cites ding2014)
or if they are visually [impaired](cite:cites dornhofer2014),
are features that are getting included in existing route planners.

Different types of data available on the Web
provides virtually unlimited possibilities for extending route planners:
Environmental data (_calculate a route that avoids biking through highly polluted areas_),
meteorological data (_calculate a route that limits walking outside on extreme weather conditions_),
security-related data (_calculate a route that avoid areas with high criminality indexes_)
or even general knowledge bases such as DBPedia or Wikidata <a style="color: #f3034d">[Add references here]</a>
(_calculate a route that pass by the historic monuments of a city_) 
are some examples of data that could be used to create enhanced route planners.


[^portland]: <a href="https://trimet.org/#/planner">https://trimet.org/#/planner</a>
[^london]: <a href="https://tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/">https://tfl.gov.uk/plan-a-journey/</a>
[^antwerp]: <a href="https://www.slimnaarantwerpen.be/en/home">https://www.slimnaarantwerpen.be/en/home</a>
